("Don't Go Breaking My Heart"
by Elton John and Kiki Dee)
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ I couldn't if I tried ♪
♪ Honey if I get restless ♪
♪ Baby you're not that kind ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ You take the weight off of me ♪
♪ Honey when you knock on my door ♪
♪ Ooh I gave you my key ♪
♪ Woo hoo ♪
♪ Nobody knows it ♪
♪ When I was down ♪
♪ I was your clown ♪
♪ Woo hoo ♪
♪ Nobody knows it ♪
♪ Right from the start ♪
♪ I gave you my heart ♪
♪ Oh-oh I give you my heart ♪
♪ So don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ I won't go breaking your heart ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ Nobody told us ♪
♪ 'Cause nobody showed us ♪
♪ Now it's up to us babe ♪
♪ Whoa I think we can make it ♪
♪ So don't misunderstand me ♪
♪ You put the light in my life ♪
♪ Oh you put the spark to the flame ♪
♪ I got your heart in my sight ♪
♪ Woo hoo ♪
♪ Nobody knows it ♪
♪ But when I was down ♪
♪ I was your clown ♪
♪ Woo hoo ♪
♪ Nobody knows it ♪
♪ Right from the start ♪
♪ I gave you my heart ♪
♪ Oh-oh ♪
♪ I give you my heart ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ I won't go breaking your heart ♪
♪ Woo hoo ♪
♪ Nobody knows it ♪
♪ When I was down ♪
♪ I was your clown ♪
♪ Right from the start ♪
♪ I gave you my heart ♪
♪ Oh-oh I give you my heart ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ I won't go breaking your heart ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ I won't go breaking your heart ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ I won't go breaking your heart ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my ♪
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ I won't go breaking your heart ♪